3.5.0 (#85)
MetaMask/action-checkout-and-setup: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [3.5.0]

### Added

- New `filter` input to pass through `filter: tree:0` ([#81](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-checkout-and-setup/pull/81))

> - Cache only the root node_modules to make prep-deps significantly faster, with monorepo support ([#80](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-checkout-and-setup/pull/80))

Reviewer: Slightly more generic. The job isn't called `prep-deps` in most places.
```suggestion
- Cache only the root `node_modules` folder to make caching significantly faster, with monorepo support ([#80](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-checkout-and-setup/pull/80))
```

## [Unreleased]

## [3.5.0]

### Added

- New `filter` input to pass through `filter: tree:0` ([#81](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-checkout-and-setup/pull/81))
- Better and faster monorepo support ([#80](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-checkout-and-setup/pull/80))

### Changed

> - Dependabot updated js-yaml from 3.14.2 to 3.15.0 ([#83](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-checkout-and-setup/pull/83))

Reviewer: No need to include this.
```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Done

> - Cache only the root node_modules to make prep-deps significantly faster ([#78](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-checkout-and-setup/pull/78))

Reviewer: Maybe merge this with the entry above about monorepos, since we mostly redid the implementation.

Reviewer 2: Done

> - Updated everything to the latest versions ([#76](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-checkout-and-setup/pull/76))

Reviewer: Would be helpful to be more specific here, explaining how it's relevant for consumers.

Reviewer 2: Done
